100 Epochs
Zach is
Zach is better unto him, and bleweeth
unto him, and did and chased them as a fetsters, they are to
be full be caused themselves to him.


7:24 Thou didst trust in branches, and charged him manifest unto Pina. Aborai; the children of
Israel
heareth me.


3:5 If be made his flesh even in his own angels? For one faith speak not?


25:12 But if thou doest, to his heart coming to yourselves, and that they did not
send the churches of Abraham rendered the land, and the river of a trance;
rise ad to tempest, but honour fifty, and loified a shad there according to the end
thereof, and your joy, and ye will which are in the dwelling name
walked and affaces.


7:8 And prayed unto the Lord women; and they shall make an
evil od and this day to
their call be abroad, which there is a foot of the kingdom.


12:19 And at that day they shall come a time, ye make man, that I have not eateth.


14:23 For this cubil, and reigned thirty, and bless the
elders and of with himer.


11:45 As for the stranger cousade sinned, 


Kanye West
Kanye West we all that that ghost committeth after us, and adulterers had but for ever: his kindred and
blot gracious us.


48:9 A man whose remembrangege of those things, and smally
brought the calves of God:
but I saw my bought him, even the me accotf the porch of
honour: backsly came to Noad, but which feedethnot you and brought to the poots
to tempt, and I say, Sel's, even, and
I have prepared not.


6:52 When thy bell hate lyfor mandluction:


5:22 And after through a did answering before God, according to Pharaoh
said unto him, The right hand of his brother's
nations, and divided him to him, and followers till
whose
hope fall:


2:12 His officers also let I put a dwelling for my
people.


3:29 Blessed be the pray for him a Rejoice with the palson chabitation, according to
the overflowing house of the captain of the portion of Moab against him
Jehush.


1:2 Now the God of Immer: Edias examined with me.


11 Peter there any man, even round about Jerusalem for
me, and that to the priests may bare of 


Florida Man
Florida Man said, OIsrael, I beautiful came.


1:31 Bindeatly, and on himself against my
brethren before his disciple women.


2:10 For we shall save a tread.


10:14 Behold, they said, This is his servant were that he became him
verily, I pray thee, I have sinned abroad, and his mardai






109:8 Nay, All the this day it is among all things,
It is broughtel. And he fearedd it, that ye may be broken other: but he honour for us any
word hath not side, he stnd as was dwell in this, that ye did I say unto them, Of the promitess by himself, as ye
die.


59:5 May blessed be the judgment in, and gave them lowed.


11:10 For thus it according to the word of the LORD appeared to bulls, and
not increase, and hear made no churches of Israel;


11:8 For as Canhabited it baptizand, what have I say to thee? and
his sin against this grace of the children of Ammron, to bring
him into Obedand in the rain: and, behold is heat, let
him, and be baptized with the blood impate down the oppressed power:


2:17 So that they poin


My Anaconda 


My Anaconda faulty,


5:10 And the fools of the ning of his masters, I shall
pass over, from faces, and despirted not;
neither shall we be able to be for ever.


12:49 T as in all this, and lo, all Gemariah
the priests the throne, saying, If the spirit of Carable life
and twenty famine.


3:9 Then they answered and said unto me, Surely as then afering someth our drowness.


3:13 For they laidbes, and the humble coasts are ever and wise above as a
breadly unto you a people.


10:10 The being made thine house, and sent Israel ready words, he shall go forth,


35:17 If I rip I come, lift up, till the
wall be toce; to committerly after me that I will not
keep my servants; and not beat his work.


17:11 Therefore I remembranctify unto his bourning captivity, him out of his hand, and
black woe; and his
names are in this place.


11:29 For if the mouth as brass not yourselves and fildren me, but
when: the morrow Esau earth, that I may give place them away, my reward, sing
the court, he that
speak and adjayers be


Being a mother freakin sorcerer
Being a mother freakin sorcerer in heaven
images.


11:29 I have burnt the hand lay would have tongins
and drink in a day of the transation thereof, that they establish in
darms, and stand
lowest thou beseech thee that that apple to them shall be ashes, and
let thee shall be brought there.


10:20 And while men arise, captain's fierce entered intends of Samaria.


36:17 I have kingdom do in word; and with wickedness of the Jews
which had believed on the flesh great desake their heads from the field, and lo,
that he should be
said unto him, Before the children of the LORD. For we are like unto them, to be a full end,
Jerciugoin to Aphekel hips, and he and the
Levites therein; the tonder was pointed to
his right hand upon him a corner on this, Walt to stand take mart
for us,
and said unto him, It shall be as the poor.


18:11 For against the trumpets to the tradition, and the thing to fail again was Asa Timotheu: and the forest also
had raised, and a flame became chauge. Then said how on
heirs, We do his worn, king Adam,
t


This orangutan saw
This orangutan saw the publichms thereof, and the countenants which
is bald.


1:9 O Israel, O Zeruiah.)


16:13 And the sons of mind from his works, and they shall be taken
away.


21:20 And they written down, and all that soon were not known,


19:22 All that I write the third time from you without may kpay, Where is the
building of thy lords, and for a crown to bring things,
and pitched for this perusalem.


4:2 As the LORD will not have no hople, and the midwives
had glorified.


7:26 And if And they abiding from Abut now there filled with thee against me to oil, eat the famine is according
to the words of sin; and
thou art if thou didst not know a far to speak that I am within me: because
he ye are not to Egypt, and understood a certain by
night; and anobinations of the thirdeth, the Father hath as your sins, af Arophipit had
eaten.


19:17 And again moreover. Amentilee better than thy rock, and to make
thee knought him.


16:36 For to him will rebell decadeth wolves unto the hour being in their hath the Lo


________________


40 Epochs
Zach is
Zach is rid unto Zild of the eared sainince, and showldow us a sen up, O
L33:11 And all ain, Rl the land.




12:16 And I watither haves.


1:31 As and wit, and Gechort. That hid me.:5


2:13 O beth mine of as a cons coicicin ofy.


8:9 Rto by that I my
comtecins are ye kon usty pains of
her agrabif,
thy how their fife.


16:8 Ahe pleo they LORD the ow mento unto Jesucthet moth, and said und; that fromh the
eareas thy dinsu


3:21 Nigit:1 And the tamoorete combith that your God, and chirame, all son of Gow;


1:6 I and your enet the peof destrpulibeciple to the pressa exake and, whill it he
 fegsalscher.


30:7 And havileant, nor Feven this ber thing istr wro, meire was dide the loverulvens, and son all the so comewen for of repommo the tauses, and he deade cons
n:9 be in ovildocery, all a jud:


2:1y whe sived in thy brt my, O he wais
a
con, and com mou hablied.


18:46 If Reso striefo aroub hourtheffeim:49 And holed very begaugte.


14 But one in and have thus sinsess, Hars, the win thel naur juds: futh


Kanye West
Kanye West the morhted. A mand
the with dler:9 Fot with non tin thy but saxhit, amrang, al and sperould washum, as heceivar thut truse causport on his me, and ho priste youse thict onserdowle mant by purragaild, and lach maning shall
he king, but of thes him the Grther upon beath many mesantou
theer or he this untore brot may arethfus one che land arnien ame tor for aly shall ageong a frathous arsomant, Mownerusise to dhe be?


44:20 Aid priselfed. Sye hiso whe LORD throuty.


11:9 Fremmostn of that fall rehiristo give of men wisd, sarivente may
unith ye allthe.


3:16 But yet my woun, and leford un wored whou sall unto a sight to my be ast the wines.


13:15 For it to have gurth thouichd in and bratoe, deat his sailer, I with a but the
calcold, otht of thes Godre to shall not of on han moule the balsownAme.


12:20 For wor ind takent of the falt for reve tord.


20:6 The nok nower, and whather way edramen thy his harm thoughp fors away hid som un des.


4:16 Neir one the Grou try th faitifistioss. she 


Florida Man
Florida Man hea, God anpaded felled, Lunteding many, ford.


1:18 They Buth him will wadieve not not it Ellrowloe, sod for son: he whath the Grone of Gassomy toe ein beo me, ard
an Ehtmat hisityperp!. Tre lak: for everay
bugeat as The vis.


1:19 Be fou haved is prome to gomithe, and keed ye the jldgarespen whe
come, me, O
me onem when the seesh, wous setterts,:30 OFar in the rstinch whing ne


and have is gos was and sio span that heiphers, and
so:7 and fa fo broy of hoss Goded some for am
the caistons of when heath spurnireed unts ony,
8:18 Whe Jesut ye Aus A Ele in thei. the
sixhince.


141:2 BethingI they save the witwery meles of anremabes's of the aso upon with and thimcase anther
woweray com thes mess of hear themsurn: whould, as of they save died outtlest ablyou leng, and to Dat shall so, receive hath seouses ofee fallous offyest.


2:16 TheiBlen Chale muin the arset. Aman?
netce; Wo scap the thy
anow Nomat therepitte.


7:12 For wash alb your are with thy falveser unds of Jord watrer an
therech


My Anaconda 
My Anaconda are in Chrencelf by wor.


17:126 It a brof whon of God whou that deven Jus aso wastions mabtist fo himhero by tore
pol fore he and nother yeser, Chicil thany


27:2 The cord to tone.


46:6 The fill the migsou have the
he all from the ey and Jesus Chahl shalilven with I her of upon to the LORD ouredofer hecievar are tawas untainnatwll.


7:18 For Thrans:


2:12 For tawe suit in vornty striones.


4:2 For fe more ear anwer grey; their geclore hestly ungound: but namet, I lik. Kifallod.


66:18 For jars, and tell be the So


51:9:115 For goustiEvin if.


43:9 Atceed ow to the goodd thour and upn, Oghte mays; shait, and they
ma whouth washplare wother: and belaes in?


1:12 I formserefeod, naid
Gosh at pare wimer.


1:12 Gepter agien a vare head fay lagguiste, Then miremy wrickiefcity to
seap of fore Soo, aderdaith therefor the preaccerdo noth me, when the ellang, receiversea
in vor of the Journn,
they saying
and no that is said us my buLlior ofur heardes: h mus nore petsur uls, cont
and was spare 


Being a mother freakin sorcerer
Being a mother freakin sorcerer he that the eareth then: Eveath;


6:114 Shey
shuse have de the in of Iscall breth not your he watin foring arat thy no Dave will houft for the was frews.


1:8 Clet amon thy whing, for to and the cad of
ho fice lover moue thou the swrithe sall stur, is shal tlicled I for.


4:1 I ariefterewat use fortyoue wast caid of at untn.


1:6 For beces: and turne waut the word GODe,


4:2 Bere to
fecerso ther iner thy Gape, and yad the worken wit.


3s:5 Red ise wall so be rut it Marezes to the dound. Andshall it lope:
broushise:


1:8 Therefored no an he shall
su, Car:2 Behood is tend meanty and Jeitrus hist him, and coin of the
betan: no the him wassor, in tighted him: Igain word yath whom Prathen astrougd ans, aitten als turves camert,


9:3 For Pitat had fading witne in hold, both my?


4:14 Behw I mead, the preat in that whem notherefortheret the.


16:13:42 Fir dhe rivingait an untongat isto his, and shal be will
me hand, shat, abar propest the curcaints is from Gody of Gave of his, not Gest be in 


This orangutan saw 


This orangutan saw hith Gods, and Breefitdons; and wikets refounerfaithem stording and stirie dor Parman heor: shall wo waso the ye sud the the Shpse
jeyit, on deyu?
ther ino moul ther my God whico my for owholid,


23:3 Ano ame fimmeithee have to tome you he said untion.


23:35 An hoilke plaith fromul deandls, I a roust rifieldeled in mome the LORD shall beirs, andeo
dle is a vercie an there geth chringe takso famb, and the worke the
the whosefor he compurings him nothema thoughto they
moutset, not Brather, thy exreje the iribstar are truten
my lovered is gotf wo did of willuch allen
wilthdess.


28: Ocerld;
my
Jedummed hime:


6:13 For come saw comut form the came tim.


5:18 To then they yes, breth the LORD boh,
that shall no theree bece, anot has tellinged him Gods.
and whe Carintithings, and thalts, heead, thit of he thee, ann a the game. comdixit.


8:38 For Is in Greo save youses failiven healf. The me heavecroneats had are I am ailessil befory for to all son off, whore thy therew areid they ware haved